well howdy there internet people as Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
a young boy named Ryker glands he's two
and according to reports his mom and dad
got into an argument and in that
argument his dad took a pistol stuck it
to his head and pulled the trigger a
weapon malfunctioned
mom grabs him runs outside sticks him in
a car seat about the time dad comes out
with a shotgun and fires it hits him
according to reports took off half his
face and he survived he's currently in
critical condition
but he is survived reason I'm bringing
this up is because a lot of domestic
abuse situations it comes out of nowhere
we don't know what happened I don't know
what happened in this situation but a
lot of times there are warning signs but
they seem mundane they could handle it
and then all of a sudden it hits a
boiling point
he is to get out before that there's
always a way out there are shelters
there are organizations that will help
you get in touch with them there are
ways what are the warning signs jealousy
possessiveness unpredictability bad
temper
obviously punching walls that kind of
thing animal cruelty verbal abuse
extreme controlling behavior and this
goes down to the way you present
yourself to the outside world what you
dress all of this antiquated beliefs
about the role of women in the world
victim-blaming it's always your fault
sabotaging the victims ability to work
earn money get an education these types
of things sabotage and birth control
complete disregard for the others drives
whether they want it or not it doesn't
matter
controlling all the finances limiting
your access to funds accusations of
infidelity and of course harassment at
work these are the warning signs and
left unchecked
they always end bad it always ends bad
now we don't know what happened in the
situation by
regardless of how this went down it's
the perfect opportunity for everybody to
have you take stock of these warning
signs make sure you know what they are
and when you start to see them get out
early get out early there's a GoFundMe
for the for the mom so she can be with
Riker and Riker son
shotgun blasts in the face and you
survived
you win every tough guy competition
forever all right
that is amazing anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night